[ZT] Tunnel hostname routes (#22587)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/smb.mdx

1. Create a Cloudflare Tunnel by following our [dashboard setup guide](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/create-remote-tunnel/).

2. In the **Published applications** tab, choose a domain from the drop-down menu and specify any subdomain (for example, `smb.example.com`).

3. For **Service**, select _TCP_ and enter the SMB listening port (for example, `localhost:445`). SMB drives listen on port `139` or `445` by default.

4. Save the configuration.

## 2. (Recommended) Create an Access application

> By default, anyone on the Internet can connect to the server using its public hostname. To allow or block specific users, create a [self-hosted application](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/self-hosted-public-app/) in Cloudflare Access.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, anyone on the Internet can connect to the server using the hostname of the published application. To allow or block specific users, create a [self-hosted application](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/self-hosted-public-app/) in Cloudflare Access.
```
